[SIMI-88] Microsoft Copilot v2: Assets for webhook-based AI Interactions (Do no… (#22263)
DataDog/integrations-core: microsoft_copilot/CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG - Microsoft Copilot

## 1.1.0 / 2026-01-05

***Added***:

* Incorporate AI Interactions as log messages from the Microsoft Graph API Change Notification mechanism

> * Introduce monitor for alerting on spikes in Copilot guardrail responses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added AI interaction log messages sourced from Microsoft Graph change notifications
* Added a monitor that alerts on spikes in Copilot guardrail responses
```
